# MACF_implement
An implement for paper Mamba-Assisted Modality Subspace Complementary Feature Fusion  for Multimodal Sentiment Analysis. 
Abstract: Although multimodal sentiment analysis (MSA) has been shown to be effective, the significant heterogeneous distribution between modalities and insufficient semantic information mining continue to impede the improvement of performance. To address this issue, we introduce Mamba-Assisted Subspace Complementary Fusion (MASCF) for MSA, which integrates two novel and effective modules: Mamba-based Hyper-modal Feature Extraction (MHFE) module and Complementary Representation Fusion (CRF) module. Particularly, MHFE is designed to reduce the heterogeneous distribution between modalities and CRF is formulated to alleviate the insufficient semantic information mining issue. In MHFE, we effectively combine Mamba's S6 algorithm with cross-modal interaction strategies to achieve the unified aggregation of different modalities within the similarity subspace, ultimately resulting in hyper-modal representations with consistent distributions. Simultaneously, CRF aims at allowing modalities from different subspaces to fully interact and explore more comprehensive emotional information. We conducted extensive experiments on several popular datasets (e.g., MOSI and MOSEI) to evaluate our method and compared with various state-of-the-art methods. The experimental results demonstrate that our approach outperforms existing methods across multiple evaluation metrics.
